Allow URLs to be passed through config (#142)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-spanner-r2dbc: README.md

| Option Name | Description                | Required | Default Value |
|-------------|----------------------------|----------|---------------|
| `driver`    | Must be "spanner"          | True     |               |
| `project`   | Your GCP Project ID        | True (if `url` not provided) | |
| `instance`  | Your Spanner Instance name | True (if `url` not provided) | |
| `database`  | Your Spanner Database name | True (if `url` not provided) | |

> | `url`       | A Cloud Spanner R2DBC URL specifying your Spanner database. An alternative to specifying `project`, `instance`, and `database` | False |

Reviewer: "An alternative to specifying `project`, `instance`, and `database` **individually**"?
I don't know, I am missing something at the end of that sentence to show that `url` is instead of **all of those** as opposed to **any of those**. "Individually" does not do it either. Ideas?

Author: Hmm ended up going with "separately" though I echo your concerns. Hopefully this will be clear enough.

| `google_credentials` | Optional [Google credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production) override to specify for your Google Cloud account. | False | If not provided, credentials will be [inferred from your runtime environment](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production#finding_credentials_automatically).
| `partial_result_set_fetch_size` | Number of intermediate result sets that are buffered in transit for a read query. | False | 1 |
| `ddl_operation_timeout` | Duration in seconds to wait for a DDL operation to complete before timing out | False | 600 seconds |
| `ddl_operation_poll_interval` | Duration in seconds to wait between each polling request for the completion of a DDL operation | False | 5 seconds |

### Connection URLs

> You may elect to connect to your Spanner database the `url` property instead of specifying the

Reviewer: insert "using" before "the `url` property"

> You may elect to connect to your Spanner database the `url` property instead of specifying the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may specify the coordinates of your Cloud Spanner database using the `url` property instead of specifying the
```

Btw, should we enforce Artem's one-sentence-per-line rule? 😉
